Cards layout for concepts + reference section (#6764)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/how-to-guides/update-a-running-persistent-query.md

> # How to update a running persistent query

Reviewer: YAML front matter?

it to do something different. You want the new version of the query to start processing rows
where the old version left off. This is generally known as *upgrading* a query.

## In action

```sql
-- Before
CREATE STREAM valid_purchases AS
  SELECT *
  FROM purchases
  WHERE cost > 0.00 AND quantity > 0;

-- After
CREATE OR REPLACE STREAM valid_purchases AS
  SELECT *
  FROM purchases
  WHERE quantity > 0;
```

## Upgrade types

ksqlDB provides two mechanisms to change a query that is already running:

1. *In-place upgrades*: you modify the behavior of a query, and it resumes from a
   previously committed offset. The syntax that ksqlDB uses to indicate an
   in-place upgrade is `CREATE OR REPLACE`.
1. *Replacing upgrades*: you tear down an existing query,
   and start a new one from either `earliest` or `latest` offsets.
   To accomplish this, users you first issue a `TERMINATE <query_id>;` and a
   `DROP <source>` before creating the query again.

## Understanding upgrades

Obviously, it would be preferable to always perform an in-place upgrade
when you change a query. But because of how streaming programs are constructed,

> it's not always possible to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this isn't always possible.
```

To better understand the different types of upgrades that are allowed on persistent

> queries, here is a taxonomy usin gthe combination of three

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries, here's a taxonomy using the combination of three
```

> Any in place upgrades on windowed or joined sources, as well as upgrades on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any in-place upgrades on windowed or joined sources, as well as upgrades on
```
